TELCODOCS-1110: Move LVM Storage documentation to openshift-docs (#55472)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-scaling-storage-of-single-node-openshift-cluster-using-rhacm.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// storage/logical-volume-manager-storage.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="lvms-scaling-storage-of-single-node-openshift-cluster-using-rhacm_{context}"]
= Scaling up storage by adding capacity to your {sno} using {rh-rhacm}

You can scale the the storage capacity of your configured worker nodes on a {sno} cluster using {rh-rhacm}.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the {rh-rhacm} cluster using an account with `cluster-admin` privilages.
* You have additional unused disks on each {sno} cluster to be used by logical volume manager storage.

.Procedure

> . Log in to the {rh-rhacm} CLI using your OpenShift credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the {rh-rhacm} CLI using your {product-title} credentials.
```

                 namespace: openshift-storage
               spec:
                 storage:
                   deviceClasses:
                   - name: vg1
                     deviceSelector:
                       paths:
                       - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:87:00.0-nvme-1
                       - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:88:00.0-nvme-1
                       - /dev/disk/by-path/pci-0000:89:00.0-nvme-1 # new disk is added
                     thinPoolConfig:
                       name: thin-pool-1
                       sizePercent: 90
                       overprovisionRatio: 10
                     nodeSelector:
                       nodeSelectorTerms:
                       - matchExpressions:
                           - key: app
                             operator: In
                             values:
                             - test1
        remediationAction: enforce
        severity: low
----

. Edit the policy by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# oc edit -f policy-lvms-operator.yaml -ns lvms-policy-ns <1>
----
<1> The `policy-lvms-operator.yaml` is the name of the existing policy.
+

> This uses the new disk specified in the `LVMCluster` to provision storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses the new disk specified in the `LVMCluster` CR to provision storage.
```
